Add a note about classloader issues to README (#597)
lightbend/config: README.md

   string with comments showing where each value came from.
   This string can be printed out on console or logged to 
   a file etc.
 - If you see errors like
   `com.typesafe.config.ConfigException$Missing: No configuration setting found for key foo`,
   and you're sure that key is defined in your config file, they might appear e.g.
   when you're loading configuration from a thread that's not the JVM's main thread.

>    Try passing the `ClassLoader` to manually - e.g. with `ConfigFactory.load(getClass().getClassLoader())`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Try passing the `ClassLoader` in manually - e.g. with `ConfigFactory.load(getClass().getClassLoader())`
    or setting the context class loader.
```
